README.md, before:

The SEM-Drawmaton is a completely mechanical drawing machine capable of drawing any continuous line drawing. The SEM-Drawmaton utilizes two rotors (cams) that displace a set of linkages to accurately trace out a desired image. The SEM-Drawmaton is based on Da Vinci's Drawmaton https://www.drawmaton.com/#/. This repository details the code required to compute the rotor profiles necessary to draw a given image or line drawing. The main.py file in the working Spring_2024 repository is used to create an SEM-Drawmaton simulation given a set of dimensions, the file containing the source image, a flag describing the type of source image, and the destination file. The source image that the Drawmaton draws can be an actual image (.jpg, .png, etc), a set of piecewise-parametric equations, or a set of ordered X,Y coordinates for the Drawmaton to trace. The SimulateDrawmaton.py file creates the simulation and provides animation capability. In order to create a simulation, the code first converts the input image or parametric equations into X,Y coordinates. Then, Sympy's symbolic solver is utilized to calculate the set of Theta values, which dictate the angular position of the linkages. Then, the radii of the two rotor profiles are calculated. The dimensions, coordinates, raw and cleaned Theta values, and radii values are stored in a simulation file with the given destination file name. Users can animate the simulation, or perform other analysis functions located in the utilities.py folder to analyze the SEM-Drawmaton simulation.

Commit message:

update directory name and file organization

README.md, after:

The SEM-Drawmaton is a completely mechanical drawing machine capable of drawing any continuous line drawing. The SEM-Drawmaton utilizes two rotors (cams) that displace a set of linkages to accurately trace out a desired image. The SEM-Drawmaton is based on Da Vinci's Drawmaton https://www.drawmaton.com/#/. This repository details the code required to compute the rotor profiles necessary to draw a given image or line drawing. The main.py file in the src directory is used to create an SEM-Drawmaton simulation given a set of dimensions, the file containing the source image, a flag describing the type of source image, and the destination file. The source image that the Drawmaton draws can be an actual image (.jpg, .png, etc), a set of piecewise-parametric equations, or a set of ordered X,Y coordinates for the Drawmaton to trace. The SimulateDrawmaton.py file creates the simulation and provides animation capability. In order to create a simulation, the code first converts the input image or parametric equations into X,Y coordinates. Then, Sympy's symbolic solver is utilized to calculate the set of Theta values, which dictate the angular position of the linkages. Then, the radii of the two rotor profiles are calculated. The dimensions, coordinates, raw and cleaned Theta values, and radii values are stored in a simulation file with the given destination file name. Users can animate the simulation, or perform other analysis functions located in the utilities.py folder to analyze the SEM-Drawmaton simulation. This computational model of the SEM-Drawmaton was developed in close conjunction with a Fusion 360 CAD model of the SEM-Drawmaton.
